todo.markdown, before:

- ~~Create Post Struct~~
  - ~~Add path to post struct and make it load from path~~
- ~~Create Page Struct~~
  - ~~Pass in string .erb string like we do for post~~
  - ~~pass in post structs so we can use them in the templates~~
  - ~~Ignore frontmatter here for now~~
  - ~~Have output html like post~~
  - ~~Allow partials in Page struct~~
  - ~~Add path to page struct and make it load from the file like the post does~~
- Add  `doc` trait
  - Change Page and Post so that `new` doesnt really do much, they both have a `process` or something method which does it all.
  - To implement this trait the type requires an `output_html` and `path`
  - It provides a method called `wrap_in_template` or something, which takes the HTML of the the post/page and embeds it within the template of the page / post. Perhaps this is called within each structs `process` method
  - It provides another method called `output_to(path: Path)`, which outputs the final interpolated HTML + template to that directory
  - Test
  - Add to page and post
- Write the build script
  - ~~Convert markdown files in posts directory~~
  - Should wrap pages and posts in their given template
  - Template should be able to render partials (perhaps the ability to render partials should be a trait?)
  - Copy across HTML to the dist directory
  - Copy across all the styles to the dist directory (dont concat yet)
  - Copy across JS to the dist directory (dont concat yet)
  - Clean the dist directory first
- ~~parse yaml config at the top of post markdown~~
- Create the project build script so can do `postit new`
  - Should have templates for a page, a post, stylesheet etc and folders
  - Make the default home page have links to the latest 5 posts, then another section with all the posts by category (then sorted by date within category)
- Set up config file for bucket and home page etc.
- Deploy to crates.io
- Write test for build script
- Create circuit8.dev with Postit
- Write a nice guide on the .readme
- Put a post about it on circuit8.dev

Commit message:

Big progress implementing doc with page

todo.markdown, after:

- ~~Create Post Struct~~
  - ~~Add path to post struct and make it load from path~~
- ~~Create Page Struct~~
  - ~~Pass in string .erb string like we do for post~~
  - ~~pass in post structs so we can use them in the templates~~
  - ~~Ignore frontmatter here for now~~
  - ~~Have output html like post~~
  - ~~Allow partials in Page struct~~
  - ~~Add path to page struct and make it load from the file like the post does~~
- ~~Add `doc` trait~~
  - ~~Change Page and Post so that `new` doesnt really do much, they both have a `process` or something method which does it all.~~
  - ~~To implement this trait the type requires an `output_html` and `path`~~
  - ~~Test~~
  - ~~Add to post~~
  - ~~Sort out page with new setup~~
- Write the build script
  - ~~Convert markdown files in posts directory~~
  - Should wrap pages and posts in a given template? Hmmm
  - Template should be able to render partials (perhaps the ability to render partials should be a trait?)
  - Copy across HTML to the dist directory
  - Copy across all the styles to the dist directory (dont concat yet)
  - Copy across JS to the dist directory (dont concat yet)
  - Clean the dist directory first
- ~~parse yaml config at the top of post markdown~~
- Create the project build script so can do `postit new`
  - Should have templates for a page, a post, stylesheet etc and folders
  - Make the default home page have links to the latest 5 posts, then another section with all the posts by category (then sorted by date within category)
- Set up config file for bucket and home page etc.
- Deploy to crates.io
- Write test for build script
- Create circuit8.dev with Postit
- Write a nice guide on the .readme
- Put a post about it on circuit8.dev
